Rework logging (#150)
ThePrez/Manzan: docs/config/logging.md

> ## Logging
> Manzan has three options for available logging levels which can be configured via the `MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL` system environment variable.
> 
> MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL=0 => Don't log any messages
> MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL=1 => Log only errors
> MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL=2 => Log errors and warnings
> MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL=3 => Log errors, warnings, and info
> 
> Logs will be written to `/tmp/manzan_debug.txt`.
> 
> The `MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL` environment variable can be set with ADDENVVAR command. Ex. `ADDENVVAR ENVVAR(MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL) VALUE(3) LEVEL(*SYS) REPLACE(*YES)`. After which you will need to run `ENDTCPSVR *SSHD` and `STRTCPSVR *SSHD`. Then restart your ssh session for the new environment variable to take effect.

Reviewer: This page was not appearing quite right so I cleaned it up and made some minor changes

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d9734953-4434-4b88-a54d-80e863a6fc05)

````suggestion
## Logging

### Log Levels

Manzan has three options for available logging levels which can be configured via the `MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL` system environment variable.

* `MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL = 0`: Do not log any messages
* `MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL = 1`: Log only errors
* `MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL = 2`: Log errors and warnings
* `MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL = 3`: Log errors, warnings, and info

Logs will be written to `/tmp/manzan_debug.txt`.

### Setting the Log Level

The `MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL` environment variable can be set with the `ADDENVVAR` command. For example, to log errors, warnings, and info messages use:

```cl
ADDENVVAR ENVVAR(MANZAN_DEBUG_LEVEL) VALUE(3) LEVEL(*SYS) REPLACE(*YES)
```

After which you will need to run `ENDTCPSVR *SSHD` and `STRTCPSVR *SSHD`. Then restart your SSH session for the new environment variable to take effect.
````
